everyone this is michelle taylor from
vegan break com and I'm back at you with
another recipe this is a recipe for
cheesy bruschetta bread which I
absolutely love I make it very often it
is a delicious really simple treat so
all this is involved is a get of bread
of some sort I love this roasted garlic
you can find some kind of like garlic
bread already more garlic the better
than my thank you but any sourdough roll
or anything like that will do and then
like a little medley of basil tomatoes
and olive oil I like to use the garlic
olive oil that trainer Jose has it is so
delicious it has a really strong garlic
flavor I'm sure you heard me talk about
it in other videos before if you're able
to go to trader joe's definitely pick up
a bottle of that it is delicious alright
so today of basil and olive oil mixed
together sliced up nice and fine and
then we have our sliced bread and we
were going to put this mixture on top of
the bread toast it along with de cheese
which is the key ingredient for
everything cheesy and delicious this is
just their mozzarella flavor as you
probably know they have other flavors
out and available now as well hopefully
you can find this in your supermarket
not you can always request that they get
it in it's pretty widely available at
Whole Foods and other natural food
stores at this point so yes it's so
delicious wonderful super easy and I
hope you try it out
so good
you